[gRNAet7B] added documentation about new trigger procedures and deprecated ones (#3325)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/examples/generated-documentation/apoc.trigger.install.adoc

¦xref::overview/apoc.trigger/apoc.trigger.install.adoc[apoc.trigger.install icon:book[]] +

> `CALL apoc.trigger.install(databaseName, name, statement, selector, config) | eventually adds a trigger for a given database which is invoked when a successful transaction occurs..`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CALL apoc.trigger.install(databaseName, name, statement, selector, config) | eventually adds a trigger for a given database which is invoked when a successful transaction occurs.`
```

> `CALL apoc.trigger.install(databaseName, name, statement, selector, config) | add a trigger kernelTransaction under a name, in the kernelTransaction you can use $createdNodes, $deletedNodes etc., the selector is {phase:'before/after/rollback/afterAsync'} returns previous and new trigger information. Takes in an optional configuration.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CALL apoc.trigger.install(databaseName, name, statement, selector, config) | eventually adds a trigger for a given database which is invoked when successful write transactions occur.
```

Reviewer: A slight problem I see, is that in the signature we're using an input parameter called "kernelTransaction" whereas in the docs we are interchangeably using either "kernelTransaction" or "statement". If possible, then I think some consistency would be nice. 

PS. I would probably prefer we use "statement" everywhere as "kernelTransaction" is a not really what this input parameter represents. Essentially the input is a "statement" which will be run after each successful "write transaction".

Reviewer: This problem also occurs in the apoc.trigger.install procedure page.

Author: Changed
